Update GitHub profile to reflect new logo and project names (#27)
openclarity/.github: profile/README.md

> # [Openclarity](https://openclarity.io)

Reviewer: Please keep the OpenClarity naming, and make the whole file consistent.

> # [Openclarity](https://openclarity.io)

Author: ```suggestion
# [OpenClarity](https://openclarity.io)
```

> <picture>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

<picture>
```

  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://docs.openclarity.io/img/footer-logos/OC_logo_H_1C_white.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://docs.openclarity.io/img/color-logo/logo.svg">

>   <img alt="Openclarity logo" src="https://docs.openclarity.io/img/color-logo/logo.svg" width="50%">

Author: ```suggestion
  <img alt="OpenClarity logo" src="https://docs.openclarity.io/img/color-logo/logo.svg" width="50%">
```

</picture>

> [OpenClarity](https://openclarity.io) is an open source platform to enhance security and observability of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenClarity](https://openclarity.io) is a suite of open source projects built to enhance the security and observability of cloud native applications and infrastructure.
```

***Not a platform

> Openclarity is an open-source platform to enhance security and observability of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
Openclarity is an open source platform to enhance security and observability of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.
```

> OpenClarity delivers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

OpenClarity delivers:
```

> Openclarity delivers:

Reviewer: Please keep the OpenClarity naming, and make the whole file consistent.

> Openclarity is an open source platform to enhance security and observability of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.
> Openclarity delivers:

Author: ```suggestion
[OpenClarity](https://openclarity.io) is an open source platform to enhance security and observability of cloud-native applications and infrastructure.
OpenClarity delivers:
```

> - Agent-less detection and managements of vulnerabilities, exploits, malware and misconfigurations for VMs and Container Images

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Agentless detection and managements of vulnerabilities, exploits, malware and misconfigurations for virtual machines and container images
```

- Capabilities for runtime scans of Kubernetes and CI/CD pipelines
- Comprehensive API security for internal and third-party APIs

> OpenClarity is a suite of open source tools for cloud native security and observability — VM Security, Kubernetes Security, and API Security. Read more about each project below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This repeats effectively repeats the opening line of the readme.

> Openclarity is a suite of open source tools for cloud native security and observability — VM Security, Kubernetes Security, and API Security. Read more about each project below.

Reviewer: Please keep the OpenClarity naming, and make the whole file consistent.

> Openclarity is a suite of open source tools for cloud native security and observability — VM Security, Kubernetes Security, and API Security. Read more about each project below.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenClarity is a suite of open source tools for cloud native security and observability — VM Security, Kubernetes Security, and API Security. Read more about each project below.
```

## VM Security

> [VMClarity](https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity) is an open source tool for agentless detection and management of Virtual Machine Software Bill Of Materials (SBOM) and security threats such as vulnerabilities, exploits, malware, rootkits, misconfigurations and leaked secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[VMClarity](https://github.com/openclarity/vmclarity) is a tool for agentless detection and management of virtual machine Software Bill Of Materials (SBOM) and security threats such as vulnerabilities, exploits, malware, rootkits, misconfigurations, and leaked secrets.
```

- Comprehensive dashboard for SBOM analysis
- Pluggable architecture

> ## [API Security](https://github.com/openclarity/apiclarity)

Author: ```suggestion
## API Security
```

> [APIClarity](https://github.com/openclarity/apiclarity) is an open source tool for APIs that helps you visualize and identify potential risks around API usage in your cloud native environments. It helps build the OpenAPI specifications for all APIs in your environment, then helps track drift, shadow or zombie usage for those APIs. You can then use this information to build your application security posture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[APIClarity](https://github.com/openclarity/apiclarity) is a tool that helps you visualize and identify potential risks around API usage in your cloud native environments. It helps build the OpenAPI specifications for all APIs in your environment, then helps track drift, shadow or zombie usage for those APIs. You can then use this information to build your application security posture.
```

> API Security is an open source tool for APIs that helps you visualize and identify potential risks around API usage in your cloud native environments. It helps build the OpenAPI specifications for all APIs in your environment, then helps track drift, shadow or zombie usage for those APIs. You can then use this information to build your application security posture.

Author: ```suggestion
[APIClarity](https://github.com/openclarity/apiclarity) is an open source tool for APIs that helps you visualize and identify potential risks around API usage in your cloud native environments. It helps build the OpenAPI specifications for all APIs in your environment, then helps track drift, shadow or zombie usage for those APIs. You can then use this information to build your application security posture.
```
